V5.30 documentation (#4180)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/important-upgrade-notes.rst

=======================

.. important::

>    PostgreSQL ended long-term support for `version 9.4 in February 2020 <https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning>`_. Mattermost is officially supporting PostgreSQL version 10 with v5.26 release as PostgreSQL 9.4 is no longer supported. New installs will require PostgreSQL 10+. Previous Mattermost versions, including our current ESR, will continue to be compatible with PostgreSQL 9.4. PostgreSQL 9.4 and all 9.x versions are now fully deprecated in our v5.30 release (December 16). Please follow the instructions under the Upgrading Section within `the PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   PostgreSQL ended long-term support for `version 9.4 in February 2020 <https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning>`_. From v5.26 Mattermost officially supports version 10 as PostgreSQL 9.4 is no longer supported. New installs will require PostgreSQL 10+. Previous Mattermost versions, including our current ESR, will continue to be compatible with PostgreSQL 9.4. PostgreSQL 9.4 and all 9.x versions are now fully deprecated in our v5.30 release (December 16). Please follow the instructions under the Upgrading Section within `the PostgreSQL documentation <https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning/>`_.
```
